[Service Bus] Update relevant Docs for the update methods and and remove internal get calls (#9751)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

      [PR 9434](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9434)
  - The property `top` in the options passed to any of the methods that get information for multiple entities like `getQueues` or `getQueuesRuntimeInfo` is renamed to `maxCount`.
    [PR 9664](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9664)

>   - The behaviour for the update methods (`updateQueue`, `updateTopic` and `updateSubscription`) has been changed. Users are now expected to do the following in order to use the update methods.
> 
>     - Use `await getQueue(<queue-name>)`(or `getTopic`, `getSubscription`) and obtain the getResponse.
>     - Update the required elements from the list of updatable properties in the `getResponse`.
>     - Pass the updated description to the update method.
> 
>     This information has also been added to the doc strings of the respective methods. [PR 9751](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9751)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The "update" methods (`updateQueue`, `updateTopic` and `updateSubscription`) now require all properties on the given queue/topic/subscription object to be set even though only a subset of them are actually updatable. Therefore, the suggested flow is to use the "get" methods to get the queue/topic/subscription object, update as needed and then pass it to the "update" methods. [PR 9751](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9751). 
  
  See [update queue](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/servicebus/update-queue) and [update-topic](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/servicebus/update-queue) for list of updatable properties.
```
